---
title: 成功与快乐
description: 成功与快乐
---

# 成功与快乐

## 关于内容

1. 谈论成功和幸福
2. 使用all, both, each, every, neither, none of, no
3. 学习 -ing 形式的更多用法
4. 用 As far As I'm concerned, ...

## About grammar

1. 单数名词  
    a. each entrepreneur was successful.  
    b. Every restaurant rejected the recipe.  
    c. No entrepreneur wants to fail.  
    d. No restaurant accepted the recipe.

2. Both(= two)  
    a. Both products got off to a good start.  
    b. Both (of) these men become billionaires.  
    c. Neither product was a success as first.  
    d. Neither of the men let failure get them down.  

3. 复数名词  
    a. All successful people have vision.  
    b. All (of) these people were successful.  
    c. No successful people get ahead easily.  
    d. None of these people graduated from college.  

4. 不可数数名词  
    a. All(of) their hard work paid off.  
    b. None of their hard work was wasted.  

5. 你可以使用被动语态使动作的接收者成为焦点  
    a. Experts expect the population to rise.  
    b. the population is expected to rise.  

6. Verb + object + verb(help, let, make)  
    a. Blueberries are said to help you concentrate.  
    b. Make the pain go away with cherries.  

7. Verb + object + infinitive(allow, cause, enable, help)  
    a. Eating too much salt may cause your blood pressure to rise.  
    b. Researchers say chili preppers enable you to lose weight.  

8. Verb + object + form + -ing form(keep, prevent, protect, stop, all of these verbs can also be used with from)  
    a. Avocado may prevent / stop your skin (from) aging.  
    b. Kiwis are said to keep your eyesight from deteriorating.  

9. 如何使用下面这些短语。  
    a. As far as (success) is concerned, ...  
    c. As far as (careers) go, ...  
    d. When it comes to happiness / being happy, ...  
    e. ... in terms of ...  

10. 在对话中，我们可以用下面的短语来表达 `In my opinion`.  
    a. As far as I'm concerned(frequency == 🌟🌟🌟)  
    b. As far as I know(frequency == 🌟🌟)  
    c. As far as I can tell(frequency == 🌟)  

11. 添加补充信息(-ing form)  
    a. An -ing form can be a reduced relative clause. Like: There are some people digging for clams.  
    b. An -ing form can describe one event that happens at the same time as another. Notice the commas. Like: We'd run around, playing in the sand, not caring ...  
    c. An -ing form can come before or after be. It can be the subject or object of a verb. Like: My happinest moments were playing on this beach. Or, being successful is good. Or, I remember sitting outside.  

## 新单词

1. pursue/seek/devote oneself to
2. nevertheless
3. recipe/secret (of success)
4. culinary/cooked
5. setback/suffering
6. deteriorate/getting worse
7. joint（conjunct(adj.)/collaborate(v.)）
8. cohesion（suffering）
9. torture（suffering）

## 新词组

1. get anywhere/to be successful
2. get off the ground/take off
3. get it under way/start
4. got to be one of the most XXX/become
5. got off to a good start
6. get them down
7. get in their way
8. get on with/restart/continue
9. get ahead
10. got to the top
11. go as far as you can in your career
12. direct ratio
13. inverse ratio
