# scernario challenge

## 关于语法

1. the + adj == 有形容词特征的人
2. you can use `if` clasues to talk about hypothetical events in the present or past.  
    a. Present : `if + past form; modal + verb`  
    b. e.g. : What would you do if you saw a homeless person on the street?  
    c. Past : `if + past perfect form`  
    d. e.g. : if you'd been in the car with Jan, what would you have done?  
    e. Mixed present and past  
    f. e.g. : If they still lived in their big house, would they have raised any money? Maybe. But they might not be so close now if they had stayed there.  
3. wish and hope  
    a. Use wish + past form to imagine a different situation in the present.  
    b. e.g. Aya wishes we could eradicate poverty. She wishes the gap between rich and poor was smaller.  
    c. Use wish + would + verb for things you want other people to do or for things you can't control.  
    d. e.g. Pin wishes someone would solve the hunger problem.  
    e. Use wish + past perfect to imagine the past.  
    f. e.g. Luis wishes everywhere hadn't gotten so polluted.  
    g. Use hope to talk about things that you want to be ture about the future, present, or past.  
    h. e.g. Tom hopes they will create more new jobs. or, I hope that makes sense/ I didn't say anything silly.  
4. what if 从句是这些表达中最常见的，主要用于后续问题中。这通常不会引发什么对话。  
    a. e.g. : what if I adopted a polar bear for him?  
5. 你可以用 `I suppose` 来表示另一个人的想法是对的，就像 `I suppose You it is` 意思是你说的可能是对的  

## 我的问题

1. 当我读一些句子的时候，我突然发现我不知道它是什么意思。  
    a. analyze result : Grammar is only being used when I'm expressing something after thinking in my brain.  
    b. analyze result : However, when I'm reading, grammar isn't a main part of what I'd check.  
    c. analyze result : I'm not familliar with common phrases and combinding expressions in use, like `a lot less cash`.  
2. 我的准确性不好  
    a. like `fashion --> fashionable --> fashionably --> fashionmonger`  
    b. solution : in new words of every note, I'm just gonna write synonyms and different word classes.  
3. 不熟悉单词组或单词族  
    a. analyze result : I'll append a new sector named necessary sentences which means I have to recite all of them, so that I can speak smoothly or fluently.  

## 新单词

1. eradicate --> eradication
2. poverty --> poor
3. wealth --> wealthy
4. nephew
5. polar --> polarity --> polarize --> polarization

## 新词组

1. the economy the way it is
2. I suppose there's no point in doing somthing
3. last-minute panic
4. time from now --> 20 years from now
5. vending machine

## 必备句子

1. there's not point in somthing
2. I suppose
3. someone's gonna be doing
4. someone won't be doing somthing/won't do somthing
5. someone'll probably be doing something
6. I just don't have any change
