# 优质读物

## 关于内容

In this unit, I'll learn something below:

1. 谈论文学作品、阅读习惯和最喜欢的作家。
2. 避免使用助动词to和one(s)来重复单词。
3. 使用助动词来强调。
4. 用if so和if not代替重复想法。

## 关于语法

1. 你可以使用助动词来避免重复单词 (e.g., be, have, do).  
    a. The auxiliary can be in the same tense as the first verb.  
    b. He's obviously enjoying it - as I am. (= am enjoying it)  
    c. I think it's a great idea, but my family doesn't. (= doesn't think it's a great idea)  
    d. I haven't been aboard. My friends haven't either. (= haven't been aboard)  

2. 助动词也可以用不同的时态  
    a. She obviously changed careers - a lot of people do theese days. (= change careers)  
    b. I hope it works out. It did for me. (= worked out)

3. 多讲助动词，避免重复。  
    a. **Simple present or past** : I don't often take risks, but my best friend does all the time.  
    b. **Present or past continuous** : I was hoping to graduate last year. One of my friends was, too.  
    c. **Present perfect (or continuous)** : I've been thinking about settling down, but my friends haven't.  
    d. **Past perfect (or continuous)** : I'd never has straight A's till this year, though my friends all had.  
    e. **Modal verbs** : My dad can't understand why I want to travel, but my mom can.  

4. 你可以用 too, so 和 neither 来表示相似。  
    a. I'm saving for a trip, and my best friend is, too. Or ... and so is my best friend.  
    b. She doesn't enjoy her work, and I don't, either. Or ... and neither do I.  
    c. She can't afford to go away next year, and I can't, either. Or ... and neither can I.  

5. 使用(to) do so来避免重复动词+宾语或补语。  
    a. Learning to play sports has given me confidence and will continue to do so for many years.  
    b. Many people want to buy their own homw but are not in a position to do so.  
    c. A lot of people want to publish novels but are unable to do do.  
    d. Anyone who wishes to take a career break can do so if they plan it carefully.  

6. 删除单词或使用one / ones。  
    a. You can avoid repeating infinitive verb phrases by using `to` when it's clear what you mean.  (I would like to write like her, but I'll never be able to. I mean, I'd like to write like her --> I mean, I'd like to.)  
    b. Notice the negatives with try and prefer.  (I shouldn't read trashy novels, and I try not to read trashy novels --> I try not to.)  
    c. You can use one or ones to avoid repeating countbale nouns. Don't use them after my, your, his, etc., some, any, or both useless there is an adjective.  (I've read all her books, Her best one is ... or Of the books I read, the ones I like best are nonfiction)  

## 新单词

1. lucrative
2. dye
3. contemplate
4. dentistry
5. autobiography
6. memoir
7. wear --> worn
8. contradictory
9. fabulous
10. uproot

## 新词组

1. on the tip of my tongue
2. couldn't make heads or tails of them
3. get your head around
4. come to grips (with)
5. learned by heart (recite)
6. off the top of my head
7. nothing to come to mind
8. get something out of it
9. It's beyond me
10. stick in my mind
11. lost my train of thought

## 必备句子

1. I'm a bit confused.
2. I don't understand it clearly.
3. It's one I learned by heart when I was a kid.
4. It's beyound me why people think you should read the classic.
5. I don't see the point of it
