# 在未来

## 关于语法

1. 在be going to、will、may和might后面使用进行式，表示你预计在未来某个时间会发生的事件。  
    a. you can use `be gonna` when there's evidence noe for a future event.  
    b. e.g. : Everyone's going to use cards more in the future.  
    c. you can use will, may, or might in predictions `will` is more certain than may or might.  
    d. e.g. : Every cell phone will(probably) have a chip.  
    e. use the present form in `if` or time clauses that refer to the future.  
    f. e.g. : if we use cards, what are kids going to do?

## 我的问题  

1. 当我读一些句子的时候，我突然发现我不知道它是什么意思。  
    a. analyze result : Grammar is only being used when I'm expressing something in my brain.  
    b. analyze result : However, when I'm reading, grammar isn't a main part of what I'd check.  
    c. analyze result : I'm not familliar with common phrases and combinding expressions in use, like `a lot less cash`.  
2. 情态动词可以表达一系列的意思。

    | Scenario | Example |
    | - | - |
    | Expectations | There should /ought to be a handout going around |
    | Guesses | The projector must be warming up. It might /could / may be broken |
    | Necessity | I should /ought to/have to /need to /'d better stop.('d = had') |
    | Suggestions/advice | You might want to check out the articles on the handout |
    | Ability | Can you see all the screen |
    | Failure(tp operate) | The projector won't connect to my laptop |
    | Requests | Could/ Would/ Can someboday turn the lights off, please? |
    | Offers | I'll make the screen bigger. I can/ could turn it up |
    | Permission | May/ Could/ Can I ask a question? Yes, you may(more formal)/ can |

3. 柔和表达你的想法  
    a. would/'d + do  
    b. I would say

## 新单词

1. fraud --> fraudulent --> fraudulence
2. scam --> scammer
3. theft --> robbery(synonym)
4. chip --> chipper --> chiping
5. projecter

## 新词组

1. the economy the way it is

## 必备句子

1. Can you all see the screen?
2. there should be a handout going around.
3. let's get started
4. I wanna look at
5. I'll be talking about
6. I'll allow time for questitons and commetns at the end
7. I'd like to begin by doing
8. As you;ll see on the slide
9. let's move and look at
10. Anyway, that's all I have time for
11. I'd better stop
12. Does anyone have any querstions or comments
13. I'll just conclude by saying thank you for your listening
14. I'll turn it over to John
